the poco phone f2 Pro you might remember
two years ago that poco came out
swinging with the super-powerful budget
phone priced at just three hundred
dollars pretty incredible this year with
the poco phone f2 Pro poco has turned
down the incredibleness a bit by turning
up the price point sitting right around
five hundred dollars so it's less of a
budget phone this time around but still
worth taking a look at the f2 Pro does
include a case in the box it's time to
find out if this neon blue f2 is durable
enough for you let's get started
[Applause]
[Music]
right off the bat we see the back panel
as the fancy warped light raise
centering around the rather large camera
cut out this large circular hole cut out
didn't end up working very well for the
oneplus 70 so hopefully this f2 pro
holds up better now normally we start
with the scratch test I can kind of tell
whether or not the phone includes a
plastic screen protector on top but this
time around seeing scratches at level
three was surprising turns out it was
indeed just a screen protector once
that's out of the way we can see what
the screen is really made from remember
plastic starts scratching at level two
or three while glass doesn't start
scratching tale of five or six and
sapphire of course would be a level
eight or nine we haven't seen a sapphire
smartphone in a really long time so if
you know of one that I should be testing
tell me down in the comments there's
poco f2 Pro scratches at level six with
deeper grooves at level seven no
surprises there what is surprising
however is that this $500 phone has no
notch or camera cut out to be found
anywhere it's a seamless wall-to-wall
display and looks pretty fantastic even
the plastic speaker grille slot is super
thin and won't be falling out on its own
but where's the camera it's motorized
the little guy pops up right out of the
top like a daisy
Boco has even synchronized a little
light show with the top edge of the
screen and lines it up with the LED bars
on the side of the camera the lens of
the 20 megapixel sensor is made from
glass and doesn't like being scratched
very much nice move poco
it's rare when a phone fights back the
glowy side bits are made from a
transparent plastic the pop-up camera is
very secure though it doesn't jiggle
around and I can't pull it up out of the
top the backside of the camera unit is
made from plastic now normally when we
see smartphones with pop-up cameras like
one plus or vivo they've been tested
over three hundred thousand times
stepper motors are very consistent and
durable little machines poco hasn't said
exactly how many times they've tested
this one but it does have the anti drop
protection where it'll retract like a
turtle into its shell if it fills the
phone falling which we've seen most
other motorized cameras do as well the
sides of the phone are made from
aluminum pretty much the standard for
every smart phone these days it's rare
to see anything different it's the most
cost effective
there is a black plastic buffer layer
between the glass screen and the frame
of the phone though can make some fancy
little curlicues with it the other side
is made from metal along with the red
metal accented power button and the
metal volume rocker right above that
very surprisingly though as we've found
to be the case with a lot of mid-range
devices the poco f2 Pro still has a
headphone jack and an IR black sometimes
when you spend less money on our phone
you actually end up getting more
features no complaints here down at the
bottom we get the normal USB C port that
can charge at 30 watts and a dual sided
SIM card tray there is no water
resistance rating on this phone because
of that pop up camera and we'll get back
to testing that in just a second the
back of the phone is covered in glass no
wireless charging but there are four
cameras the top left is a 2 megapixel
death sensor then a 13 megapixel ultra
wide-angle on the other side the bottom
right is the 5 megapixel macro camera
and finally a 64 megapixel main camera
on the bottom left now one perk of the
pop up camera is that the 6.6 inch
screen is totally unobstructed no camera
cut out or not it's an AMOLED display
with a normal refresh rate of 60 Hertz
so definitely not a phone built
specifically for gaming even though it
supposedly has a
keep pipe inside that does cover 28% of
the body we'll have to check that out
during the tear down the screen lasts
about 30 seconds before the pixels go
white but they do eventually recover
once the heats removed
let's check the durability of this
motorized camera some more in the past
we've knocked it on tables and the
camera still goes up and down just fine
the reason it has that auto retract
feature though is that if the camera
does accidentally hit something hard
enough during a fall it has the chance
of dislodging from it's motorized
mechanism and breaking on the third
piledrive that's exactly what happened
to this poco f2 Pro the camera is very
much not moving anymore even with the
calibration option it seems to be
physically damaged or misaligned and
it's stuck in the raised position if
this lasts longer than four hours we'll
probably have to operate
after enough times recalibrating the
motor though it does finally relearn its
limits and seems to mostly be back
functioning like normal now it's time
for the bid test we haven't had a phone
break in a long time so it was
surprising to hear a crack during the
first bend but after glancing over the
front and back of the phone the sound
wasn't the front or back glass so let's
keep going after a few more bins there
is still no structural damage but this
phone is definitely a fighter attacking
once again by pinching my finger I kind
of like the poco f2 pro it survives my
durability test there is a massive
international giveaway coming up on my
channel with an absurd amount of phones
be brandon i will be sponsoring this
giveaway which means it'll be simple and
very much available worldwide just cuz
you guys are awesome so get ready for
that i'll post a video here on my
channel about it so you won't miss it
also here's an inside tease of the poco
f2 pro my tear down skin is linked down
in the video description and it's quite
possibly one of my favorites so far
and finally if for some reason you want
to see an electric Tesla off roading
across an Alaskan snow field I'll leave
a link for that video as well down in
the video description
gum hang out with me on Instagram and
Twitter before Trump deletes it and
thanks a ton for watching I'll see you
around